refactor: restructure and improve Staking documentation (#72)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/participate/01_Staking/03_Delegate/02_become.md

In contrast to the rather difficult [path to become a collator candidate](../01_Become%20a%20Collator/01_overview.md), joining the delegator pool is rather simple.
Anyone can delegate to a collator candidate by staking at least 20 KILT and calling `parachainStaking -> joinDelegators`.

<StakingTxDisclaimer />

![](/img/chain/parachainStaking-joinDelegators.png)

1. Select the delegator's KILT address as the extrinsic submitter (the *using the selected account* field)
2. Select the appropriate extrinsic: `parachainStaking -> revokeDelegation`
3. Select the `Id` option (the *MultiAddress (LookupSource) field*)
4. Select the collator account (the *Id: AccountId* field)
5. Choose the desired stake amount.
6. Sign and submit the extrinsic (the *Submit Transaction* button)

:::info
A recent change in the blockchain metadata resulted in a change in the UI regarding how balances are shown.
In the current version of PolkadotJS Apps, specifying 1 KILT requires adding 15 trailing `0`s.
So, for instance, 1 KILT needs to be written as `1000000000000000`, while 10,000 KILT would be written as `10000000000000000000`.
:::

## Happy path

> If your chosen collator candidate has at least one empty slot in their delegation pool (35 at the time of writing), your delegation is successful and you immediately receive rewards for each authored block of your collator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your chosen collator candidate has at least one empty slot in their delegation pool (out of 35 maximum slots at the time of writing), your delegation is successful and you immediately start receiving rewards each time the collator you delegated will produce a block.
```

<div className="kilt-mermaid">

```mermaid
flowchart TD
   A["Hold at least 20 KILT"] --> |"decide on candidate"| B("Collator Candidate chosen");

>    B --> |"call extrinsic joinDelegators"| C{"Can delegate to target? \n Either \n 1. There are empty \n delegations or \n 2. You delegate more \n than another delegator"};

Reviewer: Why are some sentences lowercase and some uppercase?

Author: I decided to use lowercase for all actions (e.g. edges of the graph) and uppercase for the nodes. Do you think we should rather stay consistent?

Reviewer: No, if it was a deliberate decision than it's fine 😁
